Caching: Add feature toggle for memory efficient cache payload serialization (#76145)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/index.md

| `cloudWatchCrossAccountQuerying`                 | Enables cross-account querying in CloudWatch datasources                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Yes                |
| `redshiftAsyncQueryDataSupport`                  | Enable async query data support for Redshift                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Yes                |
| `athenaAsyncQueryDataSupport`                    | Enable async query data support for Athena                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Yes                |

> | `cloudwatchNewRegionsHandler`                    | Refactor of /regions endpoint, no user-facing changes                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Yes                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudwatchNewRegionsHandler`                    | Refactor of `/regions` endpoint, no user-facing changes                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Yes                |
```

> | `cloudwatchNewRegionsHandler`                    | Refactor of /regions endpoint, no user-facing changes                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Yes                |
> | `nestedFolderPicker`                             | Enables the new folder picker to work with nested folders. Requires the nestedFolders feature flag                                                                                                                                                                                | Yes                |
> | `accessTokenExpirationCheck`                     | Enable OAuth access_token expiration check and token refresh using the refresh_token                                                                                                                                                                                              |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudwatchNewRegionsHandler`                    | Refactor of `/regions` endpoint, no user-facing changes                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Yes                |
| `nestedFolderPicker`                             | Enables the new folder picker to work with nested folders. Requires the `nestedFolders` feature toggle                                                                                                                                                                                | Yes                |
| `accessTokenExpirationCheck`                     | Enable OAuth access_token expiration check and token refresh using the `refresh_token`                                                                                                                                                                                              |                    |
```

| `gcomOnlyExternalOrgRoleSync`                    | Prohibits a user from changing organization roles synced with Grafana Cloud auth provider                                                                                                                                                                                         |                    |
| `prometheusMetricEncyclopedia`                   | Adds the metrics explorer component to the Prometheus query builder as an option in metric select                                                                                                                                                                                 | Yes                |
| `prometheusResourceBrowserCache`                 | Displays browser caching options in Prometheus data source configuration                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Yes                |

> | `prometheusDataplane`                            | Changes responses to from Prometheus to be compliant with the dataplane specification. In particular it sets the numeric Field.Name from 'Value' to the value of the `__name__` label when present.                                                                               | Yes                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheusDataplane`                            | Changes responses to from Prometheus to be compliant with the dataplane specification. In particular it sets the `numeric Field.Name` from `Value` to the value of the `__name__` label when present.                                                                               | Yes                |
```

> | `prometheusDataplane`                            | Changes responses to from Prometheus to be compliant with the dataplane specification. In particular it sets the numeric Field.Name from 'Value' to the value of the `__name__` label when present.                                                                               | Yes                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheusDataplane`                            | Changes responses to from Prometheus to be compliant with the dataplane specification. In particular, when this feature toggle is active, the numeric `Field.Name` is set from 'Value' to the value of the `__name__` label.                                                                               | Yes                |
```

| `lokiMetricDataplane`                            | Changes metric responses from Loki to be compliant with the dataplane specification.                                                                                                                                                                                              | Yes                |
| `dataplaneFrontendFallback`                      | Support dataplane contract field name change for transformations and field name matchers where the name is different                                                                                                                                                              | Yes                |
| `alertingNotificationsPoliciesMatchingInstances` | Enables the preview of matching instances for notification policies                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Yes                |

> | `useCachingService`                              | When turned on, the new query and resource caching implementation using a wire service inject will be used in place of the previous middleware implementation                                                                                                                     |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `useCachingService`                              | When active, the new query and resource caching implementation using a wire service inject replaces the previous middleware implementation.                                                                                                                     |                    |
```
